What is your damage, Heather?
All we want is to be treated like human beings. Not to be experimented on like guinea pigs or patronized like bunny rabbits.
If you were happy every day of your life you wouldn't be a human being. You'd be a game-show host.
Dear Diary, my teen-angst bullshit has a body count. Everybody's sad...but it's kind of a weird kind of sad. Suicide gave Heather depth, Kurt a soul, and Ram a brain. I don't know what it's given me, but I have no control over myself when I'm with J.D. Are we going to prom or to hell?
Dear Diary: Heather told me she teaches people "real life." She said, real life sucks losers dry. You want to fuck with the eagles, you have to learn to fly. I said, so, you teach people how to spread their wings and fly? She said, yes. I said, you're beautiful.
The only place different social types can genuinely get along with each other is in heaven.
The extreme always seems to make an impression.
Fuck me gently with a chainsaw. Do I look like Mother Teresa?
Veronica, why are you pulling my dick?
 You stupid fuck.
 You God damn bitch.
 I brought you to a Remington party and what's my thanks? It's on a hallway carpet. I got paid in puke.
 Lick it up, baby. Lick it up.
 I just killed my best friend.
 And your worst enemy.
 Same difference.
 What are we gonna tell the cops? "Fuck it if she can't take a joke, Sarge?"
 Oh, the cops. I can't believe this is my life. Oh my God. I'm gonna have to send my SAT scores to San Quentin instead of Stanford.
 Ah, right. I'm just a little freaked here. Well at least you got whatcha wanted y'know?
 Got what I wanted? It is one thing to want somebody out of your life, it is another thing to serve them a wake-up cup full of liquid drainer.
 Heather, why can't you just be a friend? Why do you have to be such a mega-bitch?
 Because I can be.
 Do you think that just because you started this thing you can end it?
 I'll kill you, I'll fucking kill you, I swear to God! How do I turn off the God damn bomb, asshole?
FUCK YOU! SHIT!
 It's all over, J.D., help me stop it!
 You wanna clean slate as much as I do! Alright, so maybe I am killing everyone in the school because nobody loves me! Let's face it, alright. The only place where different social types can genuinely get along with each other is in heaven.
 Which button do I press to turn it off?
 Try the red one, alright? Seriously, people are gonna look at the ashes of Westerburg, and say "There is a school that self-destructed not because society didn't care but because the school was society"! Pretty deep, eh?
 WHICH red button?
 Press the one in the middle, to turn it off if that's what you really want.
 You know what I want, babe?
 What?!
Cool guys like you out of my life.