 That one there, that's Karen Smith. She is one of the dumbest girls you will ever meet. Damian sat next to her in English last year.
 She asked me how to spell "orange."
 And that little one? That's Gretchen Wieners.
 She's totally rich because her dad invented Toaster Strudel.
 Gretchen Wieners knows everybody's business. She knows everything about everyone.
 That's why her hair is so big. It's full of secrets.
 And evil takes a human form in Regina George. Don't be fooled, because she may seem like your typical selfish, back-stabbing, slut-faced ho-bag. But in reality, she is so much more than that.
 She's the queen bee. The star. Those other two are just her little workers.
 Regina George... How do I even begin to explain Regina George?
 Regina George is flawless.
 She has two Fendi purses and a silver Lexus.
 I hear her hair's insured for $10,000.
 I hear she does car commercials... in Japan.
 Her favorite movie is Varsity Blues.
 One time, she met John Stamos on a plane.
 And he told her she was pretty.
One time, she punched me in the face. It was awesome.
She always looks fierce. She always wins Spring Fling Queen.
 Who cares?
 I care. Every year, the seniors throw this dance for the underclassmen called The Spring Fling. And whomsoever is elected Spring Fling King and Queen automatically becomes head of the Student Activities Committee. And since I am an active member of the Student Activities Committee, I would say, yeah, I care.
 Wow, Damian, you've truly out-gayed yourself.
 Well, I mean, you wouldn't buy a skirt without asking your friends first if it looks good on you.
 I wouldn't?
 Right. Oh, and it's the same with guys. Like, you may think you like someone, but you could be wrong.
 The weird thing about hanging out with Regina was that I could hate her, and at the same time, I still wanted her to like me.
OK. You have really good eyebrows.
 Thanks.
Move.
 Same with Gretchen. The meaner Regina was to her, the more Gretchen tried to win Regina back. She knew it was better to be in The Plastics, hating life, than to not be in at all. Because being with The Plastics was like being famous. People looked at you all the time, and everybody just knew stuff about you.
 That new girl moved here from Africa.
I saw Cady Heron wearing army pants and flip-flops, so I bought army pants and flip-flops.
That Cady girl is hot. She might even be hotter than Regina George.
 I hear Regina George is dating Aaron Samuels again. The two were seen canoodling at Chris Eisel's Halloween party. They've been inseparable ever since.
 I was a woman possessed. I spent about 80 percent of my time talking about Regina. And the other 20 percent of the time, I was praying for someone else to bring her up so I could talk about her more. [out loud] She's not even that good-looking if you really look at her.
 I don't know. Now that's she's getting fatter, she's got pretty big jugs.
 I could hear people getting bored with me. But I couldn't stop. It just kept coming up like word vomit. [out loud] I have this theory that if you cut all her hair off, she'd look like a British man.
 Yeah, I know. You told me that one before.
I gave him everything. I was half a virgin when I met him.
You wanna do something fun? You wanna go to Taco Bell?
I can't go to Taco Bell, I'm on an all-carb diet! God, Karen, you are so stupid!
 Regina, wait! Talk to me! 
Nobody understands me.
 I understand you.
 You're not stupid, Karen.
 No. I am, actually. I'm failing almost everything.
 Well, there must be something you're good at.
 I can put my whole fist in my mouth. Wanna see?
 No. That's OK. Anything else?
 I'm kind of psychic. I have a fifth sense.
 What do you mean?
 It's like I have ESPN or something. My breasts can always tell when it's gonna rain.
 Really? That's amazing.
 Well, they can tell when it's raining.
Regina, wait! I didn't mean for that to happen!
To find out that everyone hates me? I don't care!
 Regina, please! Regina, stop!
No! Do you know what everyone says about you? They say that you're a home-schooled jungle freak, who's a less hot version of me! Yeah! So don't try to act so innocent! You can take that fake apology and shove it right up your hairy— gets hit by a bus
 And that's how Regina George died. No, I'm totally kidding. But she did get hurt. Some girls say they saw her head go all the way around. But that's just a rumor. Some people swear they saw me push her in front of the bus. That was an even worse rumor.
 So are we still in a fight?
 Are you still an asshole?
 I don't think so.
 Well, then I guess we're OK.